Updating KoBo docs (#827)
okfn/ckanext-unhcr: docs/kobo-technical.md

To interact with the KoBo API.
 - [kobo_dataset.py](https://github.com/okfn/ckanext-unhcr/blob/master/ckanext/unhcr/kobo/kobo_dataset.py): 
To transform KoBo data to RIDL datasets.

### KoBo endpoints in use

> RIDL uses the following KoBo endpoints (at https://kobo.unhcr.org):
>  - /api/v2/assets.json: To get a list of usres' surveys.
>  - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}.json: To get a survey's data.
>  - /me: To get a KoBo user's information.
>  - /api/v2/permissions/manage_asset.json: To get a KoBo user's permissions.
>  - /api/v2/users/{KOBO_USER_NAME}.json
>  - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}/data.json: To get a survey's data.
>  - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}/exports/: **POST** To create a new survey export.
>  - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}/exports/{EXPORT_ID}/: To get a survey's export details.
>  - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}.{FORMAT}: To get a survey's questionnaire data in a given format.
>  - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}/exports: **POST** To create a new export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RIDL uses the following KoBo endpoints (at https://kobo.unhcr.org):
 - /api/v2/assets.json: To get a list of the user surveys.
 - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}.json: To get details from a survey.
 - /me: To get information about a KoBo user.
 - /api/v2/permissions/manage_asset.json: To get a KoBo user's permissions.
 - /api/v2/users/{KOBO_USER_NAME}.json
 - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}/data.json: To get a survey data.
 - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}/exports/: **POST** To create a new survey export.
 - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}/exports/{EXPORT_ID}/: To get a survey export details.
 - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}.{FORMAT}: To get a survey's questionnaire data in a given format.
 - /api/v2/assets/{ASSET_ID}/exports: **POST** To create a new export.
```
